now let's talk about some popular myths
consider the following the Loch Ness
monster the check is in the mail and
online learning is easy which ones myth
well that's a trick question EDD they're
all myths most online learning classes
are rigorous courses with qualified
teachers a variety of assignments and
serious time commitments they're not for
those seeking and easy grade but online
students must have it easy I mean how
hard can it be right more rigorous than
regular classroom work ed and it's no
free ride for the students either online
courses have to meet strict state
standards with assessments attendance
policies and academic progress
requirements okay number two online
courses like the interaction and
socialization a student gets from a
traditional classroom on the contrary
online students have even more
one-on-one interaction with teachers and
fellow students through team projects
and robust online discussions online
students network with each other and
with the instructor through email phone
calls instant messaging programs and
discussion forums and they often take
courses online in conjunction with
traditional classroom learning okay
Louise let's try another got to be a lot
easier for computer savvy kids to cheat
in an online environment the judges
don't even need to rule on this one ed
because cheating is actually no more
prevalent in the virtual classroom than
it is in the brick-and-mortar kind in
fact online technology gives teachers
better ways to deter cheating and spot
inconsistencies in each student's
particular online voice plus exams can
be proctored at their local campus ok
last but not least the course content
and credits won't be honored by other
texas high schools or colleges will they
well honored recognized and transferable
ed TX vsn online courses are provided by
texas is DS and higher ed institutions
author
by Texas Education Code 30 a and
stringent ly reviewed to ensure state
and national standards are met good to
know Louise I'm impressed do you have
more questions about how online learning
works for your student you can find the
answers at wwt xvs n org